README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  developer.equinor.com
</h1>

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/equinor/developer.svg?token=wb81zbmzUsHbzHFyWC7U&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/equinor/developer)

## Adding content

## Document

Add a new directory and index.md file under /content/docs.

The index.md file should have this structure:

```
---
title: TITLE
tags: 
  - TAG 1
  - TAG 2
---

Write your document content here...
```

## Blog post

Add a new directory and index.md file under /content/blog.

The index.md file should have this structure:

```
---
title: TITLE
date: 2019-01-01
tags: 
  - TAG 1
  - TAG 2
authors: 
  - GITHUB USERNAME 1
  - GITHUB USERNAME 2
---

Write your blog post here...
```

## Development

https://developer-equinor-dev.azurewebsites.net (develop branch)

1.  **Start developing.**

    ```sh
    git clone git@github.com:equinor/developer.git
    cd developer/
    cp env.template .env (populate values)
    ./bin/activate 
    developer build
    developer up  
    ```
    
    Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`.

    _Note: You'll also see a second link: _`http://localhost:8000/___graphql`_. This is a tool you can use to experiment with querying your data. Learn more about using this tool in the [Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-five/#introducing-graphiql)._
    
    ```
    For the environment variable NPM_TOKEN you need to login to npm.equinor.com 
    and then copy the generated token from your .npmrc file.     
    ```
    See https://sdp.equinor.com/npm-repo for how to login to the NPM registry. 
    
2.  **Test production build.**

```
export ENVIRONMENT=production
./bin/activate 
developer build
developer up  
```

This will run all stages in the Dockerfile and produce a static web application served with Nginx running at `http://localhost`.

### What's inside?

A quick look at the top-level files and directories you'll see in a Gatsby project.

    .
    ├── node_modules
    ├── src
    ├── .gitignore
    ├── .prettierrc
    ├── gatsby-browser.js
    ├── gatsby-config.js
    ├── gatsby-node.js
    ├── gatsby-ssr.js
    ├── LICENSE
    ├── package-lock.json
    ├── package.json
    └── README.md

1.  **`/node_modules`**: This directory contains all of the modules of code that your project depends on (npm packages) are automatically installed.

2.  **`/src`**: This directory will contain all of the code related to what you will see on the front-end of your site (what you see in the browser) such as your site header or a page template. `src` is a convention for “source code”.

3.  **`.gitignore`**: This file tells git which files it should not track / not maintain a version history for.

4.  **`.prettierrc`**: This is a configuration file for [Prettier](https://prettier.io/). Prettier is a tool to help keep the formatting of your code consistent.

5.  **`gatsby-browser.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby browser APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/browser-apis/) (if any). These allow customization/extension of default Gatsby settings affecting the browser.

6.  **`gatsby-config.js`**: This is the main configuration file for a Gatsby site. This is where you can specify information about your site (metadata) like the site title and description, which Gatsby plugins you’d like to include, etc. (Check out the [config docs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/gatsby-config/) for more detail).

7.  **`gatsby-node.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby Node APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/node-apis/) (if any). These allow customization/extension of default Gatsby settings affecting pieces of the site build process.

8.  **`gatsby-ssr.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby server-side rendering APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/ssr-apis/) (if any). These allow customization of default Gatsby settings affecting server-side rendering.

9.  **`LICENSE`**: Licensed under the MIT license.

10. **`package-lock.json`** (See `package.json` below, first). This is an automatically generated file based on the exact versions of your npm dependencies that were installed for your project. **(You won’t change this file directly).**

11. **`package.json`**: A manifest file for Node.js projects, which includes things like metadata (the project’s name, author, etc). This manifest is how npm knows which packages to install for your project.

12. **`README.md`**: A text file containing useful reference information about your project.

Commit message:

adding warning to contributors - everything is open

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  developer.equinor.com
</h1>

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/equinor/developer.svg?token=wb81zbmzUsHbzHFyWC7U&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/equinor/developer)

## Adding content

**NOTE to contributors: Everything is open here! Anyone can read the repository and test and prod web site.**

## Document

Add a new directory and index.md file under /content/docs.

The index.md file should have this structure:

```
---
title: TITLE
tags: 
  - TAG 1
  - TAG 2
---

Write your document content here...
```

## Blog post

Add a new directory and index.md file under /content/blog.

The index.md file should have this structure:

```
---
title: TITLE
date: 2019-01-01
tags: 
  - TAG 1
  - TAG 2
authors: 
  - GITHUB USERNAME 1
  - GITHUB USERNAME 2
---

Write your blog post here...
```

## Development

https://developer-equinor-dev.azurewebsites.net (develop branch)

1.  **Start developing.**

    ```sh
    git clone git@github.com:equinor/developer.git
    cd developer/
    cp env.template .env (populate values)
    ./bin/activate 
    developer build
    developer up  
    ```
    
    Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`.

    _Note: You'll also see a second link: _`http://localhost:8000/___graphql`_. This is a tool you can use to experiment with querying your data. Learn more about using this tool in the [Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-five/#introducing-graphiql)._
    
    ```
    For the environment variable NPM_TOKEN you need to login to npm.equinor.com 
    and then copy the generated token from your .npmrc file.     
    ```
    See https://sdp.equinor.com/npm-repo for how to login to the NPM registry. 
    
2.  **Test production build.**

```
export ENVIRONMENT=production
./bin/activate 
developer build
developer up  
```

This will run all stages in the Dockerfile and produce a static web application served with Nginx running at `http://localhost`.

### What's inside?

A quick look at the top-level files and directories you'll see in a Gatsby project.

    .
    ├── node_modules
    ├── src
    ├── .gitignore
    ├── .prettierrc
    ├── gatsby-browser.js
    ├── gatsby-config.js
    ├── gatsby-node.js
    ├── gatsby-ssr.js
    ├── LICENSE
    ├── package-lock.json
    ├── package.json
    └── README.md

1.  **`/node_modules`**: This directory contains all of the modules of code that your project depends on (npm packages) are automatically installed.

2.  **`/src`**: This directory will contain all of the code related to what you will see on the front-end of your site (what you see in the browser) such as your site header or a page template. `src` is a convention for “source code”.

3.  **`.gitignore`**: This file tells git which files it should not track / not maintain a version history for.

4.  **`.prettierrc`**: This is a configuration file for [Prettier](https://prettier.io/). Prettier is a tool to help keep the formatting of your code consistent.

5.  **`gatsby-browser.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby browser APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/browser-apis/) (if any). These allow customization/extension of default Gatsby settings affecting the browser.

6.  **`gatsby-config.js`**: This is the main configuration file for a Gatsby site. This is where you can specify information about your site (metadata) like the site title and description, which Gatsby plugins you’d like to include, etc. (Check out the [config docs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/gatsby-config/) for more detail).

7.  **`gatsby-node.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby Node APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/node-apis/) (if any). These allow customization/extension of default Gatsby settings affecting pieces of the site build process.

8.  **`gatsby-ssr.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby server-side rendering APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/ssr-apis/) (if any). These allow customization of default Gatsby settings affecting server-side rendering.

9.  **`LICENSE`**: Licensed under the MIT license.

10. **`package-lock.json`** (See `package.json` below, first). This is an automatically generated file based on the exact versions of your npm dependencies that were installed for your project. **(You won’t change this file directly).**

11. **`package.json`**: A manifest file for Node.js projects, which includes things like metadata (the project’s name, author, etc). This manifest is how npm knows which packages to install for your project.

12. **`README.md`**: A text file containing useful reference information about your project.
